what's up guys it's a little from tech
btv bringing to you a review of the
iphone 4 ultra-thin UV crystals soul
black bias GP so this is the ultra-thin
case it's very similar in the class of
you know incipio feather or incase snap
case but so this case in particular this
is the case itself I took it out I used
it this was right before I came right
before I went on my vacation to
Australian Hong Kong i am now back and
needed to do a case review on this but
ran out of time right before I left but
here it is so as it says right there
ultra-thin case sgp works with the
iphone 4 it is a gloss version this is
the sole black gloss version it does
have a coating that resists scratches as
you can see it's awesome it resisted any
type of scratching or abrasions that i
have after putting it through you know
daily use it does leave a little bit of
fingerprints so as you can see there's a
little bit of smudging but it's not it's
not it's bearable it's not horrible
they're not huge amounts of fingerprints
or anything like that but what do you
expect from a high gloss snap case right
so this is the case itself it's got an
opening right here for the logo so you
can see it it's got a full wide opening
for the camera flash and the actual
camera itself on the side as you can see
it's got an individual openings cut out
for the volume buttons as well as the
vibrate key it does not have a full
cover for the top or bottom as with most
snap type cases or minimal design cases
which I normally prefer inside does not
have a you know felt lining it's really
just the case itself but there were no
flash issues on the edge or any type of
you know leftover material there was one
caveat to that and
we'll say it's not a flash issue it's
more of a coating or manufacturing issue
it's not left over can't really call it
that but when I got the case the edges
were made pretty well right there is no
rough edges or anything that was sharp
everything smoothed out except for this
top I'm going to see if I can focus in
on that as you can see right there that
I was a little disappointed in it's my
new tits picky but I gotta you know it's
an unbiased review so I got to be
completely clear about you know what my
experience was with it I was
disappointed in the fact that everything
was smooth out except this it looks like
the coating or the plastic on the actual
ultra-thin is coming off or was damaged
when the case was created was not really
happy with that but other than those
issues that i had this is a great case
if you're looking for a lightweight
minimal design just be sure that when
you get your case be one hundred percent
thorough and checking the quality of the
case to make sure it's not a one-off and
you didn't get any kind of damage like I
did right here with mine really easy to
snap on you just kind of place it in
first right with the button keys in and
you just hear it snap in place it does
this is the packaging it comes with
awesome packaging by sq.feet really
professional-looking what's great about
them is that they include their ultra
crystal screen shields fantastic i love
these things i use them all the time
they're my go-to you know screen shields
that I use all the time they're nice and
thin really abrasion resistant and clear
crystal clear now if you fan of the the
matte finish screen shield so I'm glad
that they incorporate the crystals looks
nice as you can see it's nice and
form-fitting or on the phone it does
also incorporate a logo cut out on the
back where you can just put it over the
logo and then place it over the
phone so you know this won't get
scratched right they include one of
those as well do not experience any
camera flash issues they'll flashback
any type of issues like that but they
have it guys that's my review of the sgp
ultra-thin case soul black version you
know go check them out I'll have Lincoln
download down bar and you know let me
know what you think you guys have any
questions concerns you know let me know
and I'll keep you guys keep me posted on
what you guys think and I'll talk to you
guys real soon and bring to you another
product review piece